hello bhai welcome back!!
kaafi din hogaya haina project karke chalo ab shuru karthe hai.

npm init -y
to create a json folder
npm i express 

then create a folder named src inside it create a file named
app.js 
inside the app.js file require the express
and then after requiring then create a instance named app which is the server instance
in app.js we wont get the server running here we will be using another file server.js file for starting the server
so whatever the instance you had created will be exported from the app.js file and brought to server file

Require the the app from app.js to the server file.
so we are using require instead of import here bcs most of the old companies were using require but nowadays new companies are making use of import.
No major differences are present.

so inside the server file will be making use of serve.listen and start the server in some port.

Now we have to run this server so we cansay node server.js to run but we will make change in the script present in package.json so we wil make it convinient so that we need not mention server.js everytime we run the server 
creating another script called dev an inside it "npx nodemon server.js" npx-node package executioner 
nodemon - package which can be used to reflect live changes in js files without us manually restarting the server.

so "dev" is one script which we will be using durig the development time and one more script "start" we can create which can be used during the production time.
start can be used when all the required changes are done and to test the functionality of the live server because during the production time we wont make any changes we will be testing thats it.

Now the server is up and running and now we have to connect our server to mongodb.
YOO BOY WE WILL NOT BE USING THE SAME COMPASS NOW WE WILL BE USING THE ATLAS LESSSSS GOOOOOO!

now go to mogodb atlas and then create new project create new cluster and then get the link or uri from the atlas and come back to compass app installed on laptop and then click on + button and then paste the link and give the name backend ledger and then say save and connect.
It will show in the compass now.

so to connect our express server with mongodb we need a package named mongoose 
also install dotenv
then create a file named .env in src folder and then create a variale named MONGo_URI to store the string.

Now all the database connection we will be doing in another folder named config
inside the folder create a file named db.js
inside that file require mongoose and then create a function and inside that function make use of connect function and use the mongo_uri which is stored inside the .env file.

But one thing which we have forgotten is inside the server.js file we had to require dotenv right tthen only we can ake use of it everywhere wherever it is required.
after requiring and configging it then come back to db.js file
there inside the function make use of then and catch to say whether the database is connected succesfully or not antha.
 and additional to that we also mention process.exit(1) this represents that if the server doesnt get connected to the database then server has to immediately exit should not continue.

then we will be exporting it from here and then go back to server.js file and then require it. after requiring it then we have to call the connectToDB function.

now we have connected our server with the databse next what we will be doing is authentication part tthat is whenever the user registers there should be a mail which is sent to him/her.

so for user authetication first we have to bulid a model that is schema.
src folder inside models and inside that user.model.js

inside that we have our first field that is email which is required if email is not given then it should say email is required while creating the user.
match to see if the format of mail is met or not. for which we need email regex(format)

then we are hashing the password in that function below the schema for which requires a package named bcrypt
and then we created two middlewares one for hashing the password and another to check whether the entered password matches with the hashed password.

now we have to create two routes that is one for the user register and another for user login.
create routes folder and inside that require express and then create a router and then export the router and then import the router in app file and then in app.js use the router by giving it a predecessor end point as /api/auth 
so everytime the user has to hit the routes related to user authentication he has to first enter the predecessor and then mention the register or login route.

Then we create the route register route as a post route.
router.post and then the logic for this route shoudl be mentioned inisde the controller so we have o cretae a folder for that

and then inside the auth.controller.js get the model.
inside that first we will get the required values from req.body and then we will check whether the email we are using to registe already exists or we are making use of new email 
if it already exists we will give status to be 422 and then say user already exists.
and status failed.

or else we will be creating a new user and then to keep the user logged in that is whenever he register there has to be token set to maintain the session for which we need jsonwebtoken
so token is set using jwt now we need cookieparser to set the token in cookie
nd then we will be using jwt.sign with a payload as user id and then jwt secret and then then res.cookie we will be sending the token genrated 
now moving on to login api

in login api we have used select(+password) because default we have kept select as false so that any querying should not let the password be send so while loggin in we are manually telling now you can make use of tyhe password 

so we are done with both user regitser and login
now an additional feature we should be doing now is as soon as the user registers then they should get the notification in their email that they have created the account so we will be proceeding with that now.

nodemailer - gives power to our express serverto send an mail the message we intend to send them.

for this go to ankur's official github repo there you can see nodemailer ka repo or documentation and follow that
https://github.com/ankurdotio/Difference-Backend-video

for getting the api creating client id secret and refresh token to get the gmail api for all of this refer to the documentation then we will have four thing which should be put in our .env file 
which are:
client id
client secret
refresh token 
gmail address whose acsess is given for nodemailer to send the mail on behalf of us 

then after this npm i nodemailer
and then again get the server running

now we are making use of third party service which is sending the email so cretae folderservices email.service.js
so inside that file whatever the dat i have filled it has its self description in the same file.

the registration mail k liye yek function create kiya which has text subject html and userEmail and then we will exporting this from here 
 
 then come back to controller get the exported servide here qand go the registration route and make fewq changes
 async function sendRegistrationEmail(userEmail, name){
const subject = 'Welcome to Backend Ledger!';
const text = `Hello ${name}, \n \n Thank you for registring at Backend Ledger, We are excited to have you on board! \n \n Best regards, \n Ullas and team`;
const html = `<p>Hello ${name},</p><p>Thank you for registering at Backend Ledger. We're excited to have you on board!</p><p>Best regards, <br>Ullas and team</p>`;
await sendEmail(userEmail,subject,text,html)
}

through this function we are calling the send Email function so now whenever a new user registers a email will be sent to him on behalf of us

now the next feature is...
the user for making trxns should have account with the bank but one user can have multiple banki accounts so we have to make sure to create a model for that.
models main yek aur file that is account.model.js file create kiya it has fields like user ka field because one user may have multiple accounts
and then we have status about the account and currency field 
then i have created a model and then exported the model now we have to create apis
this api will fetch akll the accoutn a user has

now we will be creating routes for creating an account
for that inside routes folder we will be creating new file account.routes.js
iside that get the exapress and create a router variable and then export it from there

and go to app.js file inside that app.js require this file(account.routes.js)

and also inside the app.js create another predecessor route that is /api/accounts
so now to write thte logic behind this route we would require controller file.
so what should be inside account controller is that, the controller should ask the details from the user and then create the accoutn but before creating he account it should see whether the uaser is logged in or not antha so to cheack that we would be requiring a middleware.

so create a middleware get the token frfom either the cookies or the aheader field and then chaeck if it is valid cookie or not if it is not valid cookie it wont move further or else if a valid cookie then we pass on the controle to further using next.

now come back to auth.routes.js and start creating the route.

create a post route and then add the middleware authMiddleware and then write the logic behind the route in the account.controller.js

because a user can only create account whenever he is logged in.

So now we are done with creating the account route.

SO NOW LET US UNDERSTAND HOW THE BANKING SYSTEM WORKS







THERE WILL BE FOUR STEPS INVOLVEED IN THIS THEY ARE:

--> Firstly a transation should be created with status set as pending(Where we are sending amount from user A to user B).

--> Second step is we deduct the amount mentioned in transaction from A's acccount.

--> Third step is putting that amount to user B's account using ledger system.

--> Fourt step is we will reinitialize the status from pending... to completed..

IF any step is atak gaya nothing should happen 
for Eg: IF WE DEDUCT AMOUT FROM USER A BUT NOT ABLE TO PUT IT IN THE USER B ACCOUNT IT HAS TO BE REVERTED BACK TO USER A.

THERE IS ALSO ONE MORE INFORMATION THAT A TRANSACTION HOLD WHICH IS IDEMPOTENCY_KEY

SO WHAT IS THE USE OF THIS KEY!????

when we make the transaction through UPI we should be having a unique number to know whether the transaction was successful or not.. if the transaction fails or transaction should not happen twice to see or follow up we need an unique key which is IDEMPOTENCY_KEY.


So when a user has to check his/her balance we add all the ledgers so far the credits that have happened and then minu the debits and then show the balance 
    WE DONT MAINTAIN HARDCODED BALANCE IN THE ACCOUNT EVER...WE WILL CALCULATE AND PROVIDE EVERYTIME..

BAS BHAI ITNA HI JANNA THA...now we will continue to code.

So in first step we have to create the transaction right.. so to create a transaction we need the model for transaction.

 so after creating a transaction schema that is how a initialised transaction should look like now we have to wrok on the ledger schema -> ledger model

 so we have many fields inside the ledger model like account amount transaction k liye reference and then lastly the type that is credit or debit.

NOW WE  WILL BE WRITING THE BUSINESS LOGIC THAT IS HOW IS THE AMOUNT TRANSFERED FROM ONE ACCOUNT TO ANOTHER ACCOUNT...PAISA KAISE NIKLEGA AND CREDIT HOGA.

now creating a route called transaction.route.js
 so after creating the file we will create a route inside it and a controller for the same that us transaction.controller.js and inside that file we will get the required models that is one is ledger model and another the transaction model then we will be writing all the steps to be follwed to complete the entire transaction.
 go inside that file youu hva all the steps involved.


 so the last step says if we want to notify after the transaction is completed that is we are using the email servuce then go back to that file and create a function.
 two function one for successful transaction and another for failure transaction then we export them from there and come back to transaction controller

 inside that controller we will be following step by step procedure 
 first we will check if all the parametrs exist or not and then we will validate if both the accounts are in working stage or not then we will check the balance of from account for which we will need a function to be defined in our account model.
 
 so go to account model file and do the changes
 getBalance is the function now we can directly make use fo this function
 an dthen after creating those functions come back to the controller then keep on following the steps then finally export that controller from there and then require that in our route and then make use of that controller along with the middleware in the route so now the api is ready 

 but to make any transaction we would be requiring the amount in our account so that we can transfer that amount but till now both the accounts to and from have no ledger entries so far so we will be creating another api which is depositing the amount to the account the user wishes.

 AN API TO ADD INITAL FUND TO THE ACCOUNT.

 SO THE CASH ORIGIN IS FROM A SYSTEM ACCOUNT THAT IS THERE WILL BE A SYSTEM USER. THAT SYSTEM USER WILL BE HAVING HIS ACCOUNT AND HE WILL BE TRANSFERRING THE AMOUNT TO ACCOUNTS INITIALLY SO THAT BOTH OF THE USERS A AND B WILL HAVE FUNDS TO MAKE THE TRANSACTION.

 register one more user system81@gmail.com password as system123
 then go to mongodb compass and hardcode him/her as sytem user true

 so we are creating on more api route that is placing the initial funds.
 so we create one mopre middleware for the same

 last api we will be doing is logout api with token blacklisting
 create a model for that blacklist.model.js